**Quantum Labs Research Corporation** </br>
**Department of Research** </br>
**Entity 003** </br>
**02/01/XXXX - XX:43:58 A.M. E.S.T.** </br>

---

**<ins>Entity Description</ins>**

**Entity Class:** Orange </br>
**Description:** Entity 003-1 is a tall humanoid entity standing at approximately 5’11. Entity 003-1 has dark black skin, capable of absorbing almost all light shined towards it. Entity 003-1 is not hostile towards people unless provoked, and can be provoked by attacking it in any way. If provoked, Entity 003-1 will immediately appear behind the attacker, and send the person to a pocket dimension, designated Entity 003-2.

No active searches have been approved into Entity 003-2. </br>
No cross-testing has been permitted with Entity 003-1.


**<ins>Containment Procedures</ins>** 

Entity 003-1 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell, marked with security cameras and motion sensors at all times. At least 2 members from the Biohazard Containment Unit (BCU) are to be stationed outside Entity 003’s containment chamber at all times. There is to be no interaction with Entity 003 unless approved by the Head Researcher within the Department of Research and at least one member of the Department of Administration. Testing with Entity 003-1 is limited to members ranking Researcher or higher in the Department of Research. Access to Entity 003-1’s containment chamber is restricted to CL-3 and higher unless permitted by a Department of Research HiCOM member.


---

<p align="center">
  <b>For any questions or concerns regarding entity files or containment procedures, please contact the Department of Research HiCOM.</b>
</p>
