**Quantum Labs Research Corporation** </br>
**Department of Research** </br>
**Entity 006** </br>
**03/29/XXXX - XX:05:18 E.S.T.** </br>

---

<p align="center">
  <b>Entity 006</b> </br>
  The following document was composed on 03/29/XXXX by order of Dr. ███████. Access to this file is restricted to personnel with clearance level CL-2 and above. Unpermitted access to this document is prohibited. Violators will be detained and given amnestic treatment.
</p>

---

**<ins>Entity Description</ins>**

**Entity Class:** Orange </br>
**Description:** Entity 006-1 is a medevil castle door standing at 10 meters tall, and approx. 5 meters wide (2.5 each door). Entity 006 can not be opened unless a key (006-2) is used to unlock it. Once unlocked, Entity 006 will open to reveal a bright orange glow coming from the door (006-3). Upon a person entering the opened 006-1, said person will travel to a dimension (designated 006-3).

Entity 006-2 is a key roughly the same size of a house key. It has no distinguishable features aside from it being the only key capable of opening 006-1.

Entity 006-3 is a large dimension filled with sand and what appears to be a constant sandstorm. Located inside 006-3 are three entities designated 006-3-A, 006-3-B, and 006-3-C. All entities within 006-3 have been hostile towards any person(s) they spot. All attempts to research or futher explore 006-3 have failed as a result of these entities. Entities located within 006-3 are capable of exiting through 006-1 if left open.

**<ins>Containment Procedures</ins>** 
Entity 006-1 is to be contained in a standard entity containment chamber, approx. 20 meters by 20 meters. Entity 006-2 is to be contained in a box located inside the containment chamber of Entity 006-1. During testing, 006-1 is to remain closed unless entering or exiting 006-3, to prevent any containment breaches.

The containment chamber is to have no less than two security camers from two different angles focused on the door, and at least one focused on the chamber entrance. Additionall, a large tesla gate capable of delivering an electric schock of [DATA EXPUNGED] to anyone or anything entering through it is to be installed within the containment chamber.

---

<p align="center">
  <b>For any questions or concerns regarding entity files or containment procedures, please contact the Department of Research HiCOM.</b>
</p>
