**Quantum Labs Research Corporation** </br>
**Department of Research** </br>
**Entity 002** </br>
**01/04/XXXX - XX:32:17 A.M. E.S.T.** </br>

---

<p align="center">
  <b>Entity 002</b> </br>
  The following document was composed on 01/04/XXXX by order of Dr. ███████. Access to this file is restricted to personnel with clearance level CL-1 and above. Unpermitted access to this document is prohibited. Violators will be detained and given amnestic treatment.
</p>

---

**<ins>Entity Description</ins>**

**Entity Class:** Green </br>
**Description:** Entity 002 is a small round object, approx. 29.5 inches (75 cm) in circumference, with no visible ridges, cuts, or scratches to its surface. Entity 002 appears as a light blue color, with a metallic touch. Despite all attempts, Entity 002 has shown to be extremely resistant to burning, freezing, dropping, collisions with other objects of any size, or compression.

When in the proximity of Entity 002, Test Subjects reported hearing sounds consisting of steady beeping and long tones and pauses. Upon further research, the sounds were found to have a similar resemblance to Morse code, however, all attempts to decode the beeps have shown inconclusive. Additionally, an audible conversation can be heard, however, the words are unintelligible and seem to show an unknown language when shown on a spectrogram. 

Entity 002 is not hostile towards anyone or anything and is incapable of movement. Entity 002 has been proven to be not sentient or capable of any speech aside from the usual noises it emits.


**<ins>Containment Procedures</ins>**

Entity 002 is to be contained in a standard object containment chamber. 6-inch thick acoustic panels are to be installed on the walls and access door to the chamber. Due to the unknown nature of Entity 002, The panels are to be checked once every month, and any damaged panels are to be replaced and sent to the Department of Research for further examination. Audio recording devices are to be in the containment chamber at all times and have backup power in the event of a power loss. The containment chamber is to be monitored at all times via remote recording devices.

---

<p align="center">
  <b>For any questions or concerns regarding entity files or containment procedures, please contact the Department of Research HiCOM.</b>
</p>
