**Quantum Labs Research Corporation** </br>
**Department of Research** </br>
**Entity 005** </br>
**03/18/XXXX - XX:38:17 A.M. E.S.T.** </br>

---

<p align="center">
  <b>Entity 005</b> </br>
  The following document was composed on 03/18/XXXX by by order of Dr. ███████. Access to this file is restricted to personnel with clearance level CL-1 and above. Unpermitted access to this document is prohibited. Violators will be detained and given amnestic treatment.
</p>

---

**<ins>Entity Description</ins>**

**Entity Class:** Green </br>
**Description:** Entity 005 is an average sized textbook, approximately 8.5 by 11 inches, and weighs approximately 4.5 lbs. Entity 005 has no features aside from words reading “Dusty...” on its front cover.

Upon interaction with Entity 005, the subject will begin to experience short term symptoms, such as sneezing, coughing, and congestion. Upon opening Entity 005, the subject will experience more severe symptoms, including difficulty breathing, and more severe coughing and sneezing.

Symptoms experienced from being near Entity 005 have been shown to be temporary, however if the book is opened, the symptoms will remain until the subject is considered deceased.

Entity 005 appears to have a seemingly infinite amount of "dust" it is capable of producing. Said amount has shown to be random each test, and it is currently unknown what the source of this "dust" is.


**<ins>Containment Procedures</ins>** 

Entity 005 is to be contained in a standard object containment chamber. The chamber is to have at least 3 air filters in the room leading to an air tank, and vents leading into the chamber from a filtered air tank.

Entity 005 should be placed on a podium, with a sealed glass chamber surrounding the entity. The chamber should remain closed unless undergoing testing and/or replacement.

When entering the containment chamber for non-testing purposes, personnel are to wear a standard mask. If the glass chamber surrounding Entity 005 will be opened, personnel are to wear a charcoal gas mask. In the event personnel begin to feel symptoms, they are to exit the chamber and recieve a check-up in the Research Sector.

---

<p align="center">
  <b>For any questions or concerns regarding entity files or containment procedures, please contact the Department of Research HiCOM.</b>
</p>
