**Quantum Labs Research Corporation** </br>
**Department of Research** </br>
**Entity 007** </br>
**04/13/XXXX - XX:13:23 E.S.T** </br>

---

<p align="center">
  <b>Entity 007</b> </br>
  The following document was composed on 04/13/XXXX by order of Dr. ███████. Access to this file is restricted to personnel with clearance level CL-2 and above. Unpermitted access to this document is prohibited. Violators will be detained and given amnestic treatment.
</p>

---

**<ins>Entity Description</ins>**

**Entity Class:** Yellow </br>
**Description:** Entity 007 is a standard hand flashlight with no special features aside from a knob used to turn on and off the flashlight.

| **Knob Setting** | **Status** |
|:---:|:---:|
| 0 | Off |
| 1 | Dimmest |
| 2 | Dim |
| 3 | Average |
| 4 | Bright |
| 5 | Brightest |

When the knob is turned to 1, Entity 007 emits roughly 500 to 2500 Lumens.  
On 2, Entity 007 emits roughly 2,500 to 10,000 Lumens.  
On 3, Entity 007 emits roughly 10,000 to 50,000 Lumens.  
On 4, Entity 007 emits roughly 50,000 to 100,000 Lumens.  
On 5, Entity 007 emits roughly 100,000 to 250,000 Lumens.

When turned to 2, Entity 007 begins to emit low amounts of heat through the light capable of causing first degree burns.  
When turned to 3, Entity 007 begins to emit heat through the light capable of causing second and third degree burns.  
When turned to 4, Entity 007 begins to emit heat through the light capable of causing third degree and fourth degree burns.  
When turned to 5, anything hit by the light produced from Entity 007 will melt instantly, depending on the size of the object.


**<ins>Containment Procedures</ins>** 

Entity 007 is to be contained in a standard object containment chamber, lined with dark black sheets of [DATA EXPUNGED] capable of absorbing 97.5% of light shinned on them. Entity 007 is to be locked in a glass container, and may only be opened for testing purposes.

Reflective objects are not permitted within the containment chamber, and special cameras and glass are to be used as to prevent reflections within the chamber. In the event 007 is turned on without proper authorization, the chamber is to fill with a thick black gas composed of [DATA EXPUNGED] to absorb light.

---

<p align="center">
  <b>For any questions or concerns regarding entity files or containment procedures, please contact the Department of Research HiCOM.</b>
</p>
