**Quantum Labs Research Corporation** </br>
**Department of Research** </br>
**Entity 008** </br>
**Created: 05/08/XXXX** </br>
**Updated: 05/08/XXXX** </br>

---

**<ins>Entity Description</ins>**

**Entity Class:** Red </br>
**Description:** Entity 008 is a seemingly infinite green gas stored in a large 50 Gallon air tank. The tank weighs approximately 157 pounds, and contains no visible markings aside from a green valve.

Upon opening the tank, a green gas flows out at a steady rate. Individuals who inhale the as are designated 008-1. Upon interaction with Entity 008, the individual will begin to experience skin discoloration, as well as a high temperature, inability to speak, and lack of mobility.

Approximately 2 minutes after the initial reaction, the individual will regain mobility, and begin to attempt to infect other individuals via physical contact.

Entity 008-1 has shown to be extremely resistant to any injuries inflicted upon it, and is capable of human sentience. 

**<ins>Containment Procedures</ins>** 
Entity 008 is to be stored in a biohazard containment chamber with an airlock entering it. The chamber is not to have any ventilation, aside from the pipe Entity 008 is connected to.

Entity 008 may only be opened during testing by members of the Biohazard Containment Unit, and must be closed at the end of any tests.

Any affected individuals are to be termianted by members of the Biohazard Containment Unit, unless explicitly stated otherwise for testing purposes.

---

<p align="center">
  <b>For any questions or concerns regarding entity files or containment procedures, please contact the Department of Research HiCOM.</b>
</p>
